EQPS-1001: EQP MFTF Update Devdocs (#8829)
magento/devdocs: src/marketplace/sellers/mftf-vendor.md

The Magento Functional Testing Framework (MFTF) is a browser-based acceptance testing framework used to validate the functionality of a Magento site. Running vendor-supplied MFTF tests helps to ensure that the extension functionality is operating as expected for the end user.

> Vendor-Supplied MFTF tests are not required to pass for technical review. The outcome of this testing is used to inform QA efforts and provide feedback on functional quality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vendor supplied MFTF tests are not required to pass for technical review. The outcome of this testing is used to assist with QA efforts and provide feedback on functional quality.
```
